Add Common Lisp stack meetings (#670)
WebAssembly/meetings: stack/2020/SG-12-14.md

![WebAssembly logo](/images/WebAssembly.png)

> ## Agenda for the November 30th video call of WebAssembly's Stack Subgroup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Agenda for the December 14th video call of WebAssembly's Stack Subgroup
```

- **Where**: zoom.us

> - **When**: December 14th, 17:00-18:00 UTC (November 30th, 9am-10am Pacific Standard Time)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **When**: December 14th, 17:00-18:00 UTC (December 14th, 9am-10am Pacific Standard Time)
```

Author: Thanks for the fixes.
